docs: Improve GCP WIF section (#4041)
akuity/kargo: docs/docs/40-operator-guide/40-security/40-managing-credentials.md

recommended.
:::

Tokens Kargo obtains for accessing any specific ECR repository on behalf of
any specific Kargo project, are valid for 12 hours and cached for 10. A
controller restart clears the cache.

> ### Google Artifact Registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Google Artifact Registry (GAR)
```

which may require access to _different_ GAR repositories, when accessing a
repository on behalf of a given project, it will attempt to
[impersonate](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-account-impersonation)
a project-specific
[Google Service Account](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-accounts-create) 
(GSA). The name of the GSA that the controller will attempt to impersonate will
_always_ be of the form
`kargo-project-<kargo project name>@<gcp project name>.iam.gserviceaccount.com`.

:::info
The name of the GSA associated with each Kargo project is deliberately not
configurable to prevent project admins from attempting to coerce Kargo into
impersonating arbitrary GSAs.
:::

To enabled this, each project-specific GSA must:

- Have an
  [IAM policy](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/reference/rest/v1/Policy) that
  permits the Kargo controller's KSA to impersonate the GSA by creating a token
  (`roles/iam.serviceAccountTokenCreator`).

- Be granted read-only access (`roles/artifactregistry.reader`) to the specific
  GAR repositories with which it interacts.

:::caution
Following the principle of least privilege, the IAM principal associated with

> the Kargo controller's GSA should be be granted no permissions beyond the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Kargo controller's GSA should be granted no permissions beyond the
```

### Google Artifact Registry

> Kargo can be configured to authenticate to [GAR(Google Artifact Registry)](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs/overview) repositories
> using [WIF(Workload Identity Federation)](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kargo can be configured to authenticate to [Google Artifact Registry](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs/overview) (GAR) repositories
using [Workload Identity Federation](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity)) (WIF).
```

(GKE) cluster with WIF enabled, it will attempt to use it to authenticate.
Leveraging this option eliminates the need to store credentials in a `Secret`
resource. WIF can be enabled when creating a
[new cluster](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity#enable_on_cluster)
or can be added to an
[existing cluster](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity#enable-existing-cluster).

:::note
Clusters managed by
[GKE Autopilot](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/autopilot-overview)
have WIF enabled automatically.
:::

With WIF enabled,
[GCP Identity and Access Management](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/overview)
(IAM) automatically understands a
[principal](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/overview#principals)
identifier of the following form to be a reference to the Kargo controller's
_Kubernetes_ Service Account (KSA):

```
principal://iam.googleapis.com/projects/<gcp project number>/locations/global/workloadIdentityPools/<gcp project name>.svc.id.goog/subject/ns/<kargo namespace>/sa/kargo-controller
```

:::note

> There is no need to annotate the Kargo controller's KSA in any specific way to enable the above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no need to annotate the Kargo controller's KSA in any specific way to
enable the above.
```

:::

#### Google Service Account Impersonation

Because the Kargo controller acts on behalf of multiple Kargo projects, each of
which may require access to _different_ GAR repositories, when accessing a
repository on behalf of a given project, it will attempt to
[impersonate](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-account-impersonation)
a project-specific
[Google Service Account](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-accounts-create) 
(GSA). The name of the GSA that the controller will attempt to impersonate will
_always_ be of the form
`kargo-project-<kargo project name>@<gcp project name>.iam.gserviceaccount.com`.

:::info
The name of the GSA associated with each Kargo project is deliberately not
configurable to prevent project admins from attempting to coerce Kargo into

> assuming arbitrary GSAs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
impersonating arbitrary GSAs.
```

To enabled this, each project-specific GSA must:

- Have an
  [IAM policy](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/reference/rest/v1/Policy) that
  permits the Kargo controller's KSA to impersonate the GSA by creating a token
  (`roles/iam.serviceAccountTokenCreator`).

- Be granted read-only access (`roles/artifactregistry.reader`) to the specific
  GAR repositories with which it interacts.

Once Kargo is able to impersonate the appropriate GSA for a given project, it
will follow a process similar to that described in the previous section to
obtain a token that is valid for 60 minutes and cached for 40.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::caution
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Following the principle of least privilege, the IAM principal associated with
the Kargo controller's GSA should be be granted no permissions beyond the
ability to impersonate project-specific GSAs.
```

:::note

> Beginning with Kargo `v1.5.0`, if maintaining a separate GSA for every Kargo Project is deemed too much of a hassle and strict adherence to the principle of least privilege is not a concern, GAR permissions may be granted directly to the [Kargo controller's KSA](#kubernetes-service-account-principal). In the event that a (Kargo) Project-specific GSA does not exist or cannot be impersonated by the Kargo controller's KSA, Kargo will fall back on using the controller's KSA to access GAR directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beginning with Kargo `v1.5.0`, if maintaining a separate GSA for every Kargo
project is deemed too onerous and strict adherence to the principle of least
privilege is not a concern, permissions may be granted directly to the Kargo 
controller's KSA. In the event that a project-specific GSA does not exist or
cannot be impersonated, Kargo will fall back on using the controller's KSA
directly to access GAR repositories.
```

### Google Artifact Registry

Kargo can be configured to authenticate to
[Google Artifact Registry](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs/overview)
(GAR) repositories using
[Workload Identity Federation](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity))
(WIF).

#### Cluster Configuration

If Kargo locates no `Secret` resources matching a repository URL, and if Kargo

> is deployed within a [GKE(Google Kubernetes Engine)](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/kubernetes-engine-overview) cluster, it will attempt to use WIF to authenticate. Leveraging this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
is deployed within a
[Google Kubernetes Engine](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/kubernetes-engine-overview)
(GKE) cluster, it will attempt to use WIF to authenticate. Leveraging this
```

### Google Artifact Registry

Kargo can be configured to authenticate to
[Google Artifact Registry](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs/overview)
(GAR) repositories using
[Workload Identity Federation](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity))
(WIF).

#### Cluster Configuration

If Kargo locates no `Secret` resources matching a repository URL, and if Kargo
is deployed within a
[Google Kubernetes Engine](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/kubernetes-engine-overview)

> (GKE) cluster, it will attempt to use WIF to authenticate. Leveraging this
> option eliminates the need to store credentials in a `Secret` resource. However, this requires WIF to be enabled on the cluster. You can [enable this when the cluster is created](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity#enable_on_cluster) or you can [enable it on an existing cluster that doesn't already have it](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity#enable-existing-cluster). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(GKE) cluster with WIF enabled, it will attempt to use it to authenticate.
Leveraging this option eliminates the need to store credentials in a `Secret`
resource. WIF can be enabled when creating a
[new cluster](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity#enable_on_cluster)
or can be added to an
[existing cluster](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity#enable-existing-cluster).
```

Because the Kargo controller acts on behalf of multiple Kargo projects, each of
which may require access to _different_ GAR repositories, when accessing a
repository on behalf of a given project, it will attempt to
[impersonate](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-account-impersonation)
a project-specific
[Google Service Account](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-accounts-create) 
(GSA). The name of the GSA that the controller will attempt to impersonate will
_always_ be of the form
`kargo-project-<kargo project name>@<gcp project name>.iam.gserviceaccount.com`.

:::info
The name of the GSA associated with each Kargo project is deliberately not
configurable to prevent project admins from attempting to coerce Kargo into
impersonating arbitrary GSAs.
:::

To enabled this, each project-specific GSA must:

- Have an
  [IAM policy](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/reference/rest/v1/Policy) that
  permits the Kargo controller's KSA to impersonate the GSA by creating a token
  (`roles/iam.serviceAccountTokenCreator`).

- Be granted read-only access (`roles/artifactregistry.reader`) to the specific
  GAR repositories with which it interacts.

> deliberately not configurable to prevent Kargo project admins from attempting to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Leveraging this option eliminates the need to store credentials in a `Secret`
resource. WIF can be enabled when creating a
[new cluster](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity#enable_on_cluster)
or can be added to an
[existing cluster](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity#enable-existing-cluster).

:::note
Clusters managed by
[GKE Autopilot](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/autopilot-overview)
have WIF enabled automatically.
:::

With WIF enabled,
[GCP Identity and Access Management](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/overview)
(IAM) automatically understands a
[principal](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/overview#principals)
identifier of the following form to be a reference to the Kargo controller's
_Kubernetes_ Service Account (KSA):

```
principal://iam.googleapis.com/projects/<gcp project number>/locations/global/workloadIdentityPools/<gcp project name>.svc.id.goog/subject/ns/<kargo namespace>/sa/kargo-controller
```

:::note
There is no need to annotate the Kargo controller's KSA in any specific way to
enable the above.
:::

> 
> #### Google Service Account Impersonation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

which may require access to _different_ GAR repositories, when accessing a
repository on behalf of a given project, it will attempt to
[impersonate](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-account-impersonation)
a project-specific
[Google Service Account](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-accounts-create) 
(GSA). The name of the GSA that the controller will attempt to impersonate will
_always_ be of the form
`kargo-project-<kargo project name>@<gcp project name>.iam.gserviceaccount.com`.

:::info
The name of the GSA associated with each Kargo project is deliberately not
configurable to prevent project admins from attempting to coerce Kargo into
impersonating arbitrary GSAs.
:::

To enabled this, each project-specific GSA must:

- Have an
  [IAM policy](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/reference/rest/v1/Policy) that
  permits the Kargo controller's KSA to impersonate the GSA by creating a token
  (`roles/iam.serviceAccountTokenCreator`).

- Be granted read-only access (`roles/artifactregistry.reader`) to the specific
  GAR repositories with which it interacts.
deliberately not configurable to prevent Kargo project admins from attempting to

> Once Kargo is able to impersonate the appropriate GSA for a
> given project, it will follow a process similar to that described in the
> previous section to obtain a token that is valid for 60 minutes and cached for
> 40.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once Kargo is able to impersonate the appropriate GSA for a given project, it
will follow a process similar to that described in the previous section to
obtain a token that is valid for 60 minutes and cached for 40.
```

### Google Artifact Registry

Kargo can be configured to authenticate to
[Google Artifact Registry](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs/overview)
(GAR) repositories using
[Workload Identity Federation](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity))
(WIF).

If Kargo locates no `Secret` resources matching a repository URL, and if Kargo
is deployed within a
[Google Kubernetes Engine](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/kubernetes-engine-overview)
(GKE) cluster with WIF enabled, it will attempt to use it to authenticate.
Leveraging this option eliminates the need to store credentials in a `Secret`
resource. WIF can be enabled when creating a
[new cluster](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity#enable_on_cluster)
or can be added to an
[existing cluster](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity#enable-existing-cluster).

:::note

> If you use GKE [Autopilot](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/autopilot-overview), to create the cluster, WIF will be enabled automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clusters managed using
[GKE Autopilot](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/autopilot-overview)
have WIF enabled automatically.
```

### Google Artifact Registry

Kargo can be configured to authenticate to
[Google Artifact Registry](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs/overview)
(GAR) repositories using
[Workload Identity Federation](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity))
(WIF).

> 
> #### Cluster Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

is deployed within a
[Google Kubernetes Engine](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/kubernetes-engine-overview)
(GKE) cluster with WIF enabled, it will attempt to use it to authenticate.
Leveraging this option eliminates the need to store credentials in a `Secret`
resource. WIF can be enabled when creating a
[new cluster](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity#enable_on_cluster)
or can be added to an
[existing cluster](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity#enable-existing-cluster).

:::note
Clusters managed by
[GKE Autopilot](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/autopilot-overview)
have WIF enabled automatically.
:::

#### Kubernetes Service Account Principal

> [GCP IAM](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/overview) understands the Kargo controller's [KSA(Kubernetes Service Account)](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/security/service-accounts/)is the following [principal](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/overview#principals):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
With WIF enabled,
[GCP Identity and Access Management](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/overview)
(IAM) automatically understands a
[principal](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/overview#principals)
identifier of the following form to be a reference to the Kargo controller's
_Kubernetes_ Service Account (KSA):
```

### Google Artifact Registry

Kargo can be configured to authenticate to
[Google Artifact Registry](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs/overview)
(GAR) repositories using

> [Workload Identity Federation](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Workload Identity Federation](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity)
```

(IAM) automatically understands a
[principal](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/overview#principals)
identifier of the following form to be a reference to the Kargo controller's
_Kubernetes_ Service Account (KSA):

```
principal://iam.googleapis.com/projects/<gcp project number>/locations/global/workloadIdentityPools/<gcp project name>.svc.id.goog/subject/ns/<kargo namespace>/sa/kargo-controller
```

:::note
There is no need to annotate the Kargo controller's KSA in any specific way to enable the above.
:::

#### Google Service Account Impersonation

Because the Kargo controller acts on behalf of multiple Kargo projects, each of
which may require access to _different_ GAR repositories, when accessing a
repository on behalf of a given project, it will attempt to
[impersonate](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-account-impersonation)
a project-specific
[Google Service Account](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-accounts-create) 
(GSA). The name of the GSA that the controller will attempt to impersonate will
_always_ be of the form
`kargo-project-<kargo project name>@<gcp project name>.iam.gserviceaccount.com`.

:::info

> The name of the GSA associated with each Kargo project is deliberately
> not configurable to prevent project admins from attempting to coerce Kargo into
> assuming arbitrary GSA's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The name of the GSA associated with each Kargo project is deliberately not
configurable to prevent project admins from attempting to coerce Kargo into
assuming arbitrary GSAs.
```

:::

> Each [GSA(Google Service Account)](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-account-overview):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
To observe the principle of least privilege, each project-specific GSA requires
read-only permissions for the specific set of repositories with which it
interacts.
```

> - Should be granted read-only access to applicable
>   GAR repositories.
> 
> - Should have an [IAM policy](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/reference/rest/v1/Policy) that allows the Kargo controller's KSA to create a token. i.e. `roles/iam.serviceAccountTokenCreator`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
- Have an
  [IAM policy](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/reference/rest/v1/Policy) that
  permits the Kargo controller's KSA to impersonate the GSA by creating a token
  (`roles/iam.serviceAccountTokenCreator`).

- Be granted read-only access (`roles/artifactregistry.reader`) to the specific
  GAR repositories with which it interacts.
```

> 
> :::note
> This permits the Kargo controller's KSA to impersonate (Kargo) Project-specific GSAs while observing the practice of principle-of-least-priviledge.
> :::
> 
> 
> :::info
> The name of the GSA associated with each Kargo project is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

deliberately not configurable to prevent Kargo project admins from attempting to

> coerce Kargo into impersonating arbitrary GSA's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

(WIF).

If Kargo locates no `Secret` resources matching a repository URL, and if Kargo
is deployed within a
[Google Kubernetes Engine](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/kubernetes-engine-overview)
(GKE) cluster with WIF enabled, it will attempt to use it to authenticate.
Leveraging this option eliminates the need to store credentials in a `Secret`
resource. WIF can be enabled when creating a
[new cluster](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity#enable_on_cluster)
or can be added to an
[existing cluster](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity#enable-existing-cluster).

:::note
Clusters managed by
[GKE Autopilot](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/autopilot-overview)
have WIF enabled automatically.
:::

#### Kubernetes Service Account Principal

With WIF enabled,
[GCP Identity and Access Management](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/overview)
(IAM) automatically understands a
[principal](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/overview#principals)
identifier of the following form to be a reference to the Kargo controller's
_Kubernetes_ Service Account (KSA):

> `principal://iam.googleapis.com/projects/<GCP_PROJECT_NUMBER>/locations/global/workloadIdentityPools/<GCP_PROJECT_NAME>.svc.id.goog/subject/ns/<KARGO_NAMESPACE>/sa/kargo-controller`

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
```
principal://iam.googleapis.com/projects/<gcp project number>/locations/global/workloadIdentityPools/<gcp project name>.svc.id.goog/subject/ns/<kargo namespace>/sa/kargo-controller
```
~~~

> :::note
> You do not need to annotate the Kargo controller's KSA in any specific way. At one time this may have been required. Later it may have been required for standard clusters but not for Autopilot clusters. At present, this is not required at all.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
There is no need to annotate the Kargo controller's KSA in any specific way to enable the above.
:::
```

#### Google Service Account Impersonation

> Although associated with [this _one_ principal](#kubernetes-service-account-principal), the Kargo controller acts on

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
Because the Kargo controller acts on behalf of multiple Kargo projects, each of
which may require access to _different_ GAR repositories, when accessing a
repository on behalf of a given project, it will attempt to
[impersonate](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-account-impersonation)
a project-specific
[Google Service Account](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-accounts-create) 
(GSA). The name of the GSA that the controller will attempt to impersonate will
_always_ be of the form
`kargo-project-<kargo project name>@<gcp project name>.iam.gserviceaccount.com`.
~~~

behalf of multiple Kargo projects, each of which may require access to

> _different_ GAR repositories. To account for this, when
> Kargo attempts to access a GAR repository on behalf of a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

specific project, it will first attempt to

> [impersonate a GSA](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-account-impersonation) 
> specific to that project. 
> 
> The name of the GSA it attempts to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Google Artifact Registry

Kargo can be configured to authenticate to
[Google Artifact Registry](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs/overview)
(GAR) repositories using
[Workload Identity Federation](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity))
(WIF).

If Kargo locates no `Secret` resources matching a repository URL, and if Kargo
is deployed within a
[Google Kubernetes Engine](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/kubernetes-engine-overview)
(GKE) cluster with WIF enabled, it will attempt to use it to authenticate.
Leveraging this option eliminates the need to store credentials in a `Secret`
resource. WIF can be enabled when creating a
[new cluster](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity#enable_on_cluster)
or can be added to an
[existing cluster](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity#enable-existing-cluster).

:::note
Clusters managed by
[GKE Autopilot](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/autopilot-overview)
have WIF enabled automatically.
:::

> #### Kubernetes Service Account Principal
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

[principal](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/overview#principals)
identifier of the following form to be a reference to the Kargo controller's
_Kubernetes_ Service Account (KSA):

```
principal://iam.googleapis.com/projects/<gcp project number>/locations/global/workloadIdentityPools/<gcp project name>.svc.id.goog/subject/ns/<kargo namespace>/sa/kargo-controller
```

:::note
There is no need to annotate the Kargo controller's KSA in any specific way to enable the above.
:::

#### Google Service Account Impersonation

Because the Kargo controller acts on behalf of multiple Kargo projects, each of
which may require access to _different_ GAR repositories, when accessing a
repository on behalf of a given project, it will attempt to
[impersonate](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-account-impersonation)
a project-specific
[Google Service Account](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-accounts-create) 
(GSA). The name of the GSA that the controller will attempt to impersonate will
_always_ be of the form
`kargo-project-<kargo project name>@<gcp project name>.iam.gserviceaccount.com`.
behalf of multiple Kargo projects, each of which may require access to

> specific project, it will first attempt to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> impersonate will _always_ be of the form

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> `kargo-project-<KARGO_PROJECT_NAME>@<GCP_PROJECT_NAME>.iam.gserviceaccount.com`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Kargo can be configured to authenticate to Google Artifact Registry repositories
using Workload Identity Federation.

#### Cluster Configuration

If Kargo locates no `Secret` resources matching a repository URL, and if Kargo
is deployed within a GKE cluster, it will attempt to use
[Workload Identity Federation](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity)

> to authenticate by default. Leveraging this

Reviewer: We should probably remove "by default" since there is not, at present, a way to configure WIF to _not_ be used if it's detected as being available.

option eliminates the need to store credentials in a `Secret` resource. However, this requires [Workload Identity Federation](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity) to be enabled on the cluster. You can [enable this when the cluster is created](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity#enable_on_cluster) or you can [enable it on an existing cluster that doesn't already have it](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity#enable-existing-cluster). 

:::note

> If you use [GKE Autopilot](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/autopilot-overview), to create the cluster, WIF will be enabled automatically.

Reviewer: First use of "WIF," although it hasn't been defined. First mention of Workload Identity Federation is up on (new) line 267. Let's introduce the acronym there.

:::

#### Kubernetes Service Account Principal

> [GCP IAM](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/overview) understands the Kargo controller's KSA is the following [principal](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/overview#principals):

Reviewer: I see you define KSA in the box below, but if we're going to shorten Kubernetes ServiceAccount to KSA for the sake of brevity, we should probably define it here at the _first_ mention.

`principal://iam.googleapis.com/projects/<GCP_PROJECT_NUMBER>/locations/global/workloadIdentityPools/<GCP_PROJECT_NAME>.svc.id.goog/subject/ns/<KARGO_NAMESPACE>/sa/kargo-controller`

:::note
You do not need to annotate the Kargo controller's Kubernetes ServiceAccount (KSA) in any specific way. At one time this may have been required. Later it may have been required for standard clusters but not for Autopilot clusters. At present, this is not required at all.
:::

#### Service Account Impersonation

Although associated with [this _one_ principal](#kubernetes-service-account-principal), the Kargo controller acts on
behalf of multiple Kargo projects, each of which may require access to
_different_ Google Artifact Registry repositories. To account for this, when
Kargo attempts to access a Google Artifact Registry repository on behalf of a
specific project, it will first attempt to
[impersonate a Google service account](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-account-impersonation) 
specific to that project. 

The name of the service account it attempts to
impersonate will _always_ be of the form
`kargo-project-<KARGO_PROJECT_NAME>@<GCP_PROJECT_NAME>.iam.gserviceaccount.com`.

> Each [GSA](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-account-overview):

Reviewer: First mention of GSA, so let's define.
